(Respect copyright)
♪Memories hold you back
from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward
can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains,
chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you
and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you♪
♪Drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind♪
♪Let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
=The First Jasmine=
=Episode 35=
Do you know where Xu Wanzhou is buried?
I heard she is buried
in Zhengyi Temple outside the city.
Would Your Majesty like to visit?
Go prepare the wine vessels
for the offering.
Yes.
No need for fanfare.
Just bring some people and come with me.
Yes.
Your Majesty, Her Majesty has gone
to the temporary palace.
Gao Wenhuan,
have an edict drafted
to exonerate and honor
the late sages of Lishan Academy.
First,
all disciples of Lishan Academy,
(alive or dead,)
(whoever suffered injustice)
(shall be investigated at once
by the judicial offices)
(to clear the names of the wronged.)
(If any wrongful accusers are found,
they shall be severely punished.)
(Second, select talented individuals
from Lishan Academy)
(and appoint them)
(without restraints.)
Third,
Lishan Academy's works,
including classics, histories,
and philosophical texts,
all go to the Hanlin Academy.
They shall collect the best texts,
collate and print them,
and distribute them nationwide.
Water and livelihood works shall
be studied by the Ministry of Works
and put into practice.
Also, confer upon Lishan Academy's
Headmaster Xu Qingyun
the title of Marquis Wenzheng
and Master Zhu Yun
the title of Earl Wensu.
Princess Ding, Ye Li,
is of loyal and virtuous stock,
and she bears their legacy.
She is hereby titled
County Mistress Wenzhao
with a prince's daughter's stipend.
Yes.
Your Majesty, the exoneration
and the compilation
are both within reason.
But you first appointed Xu Qingyun
as Marquis Wenzheng,
Zhu Yun as Earl Wensu,
and then Princess Ding
as County Mistress
with the stipend of a prince's daughter.
Is this not somewhat excessive?
Back when Lishan Academy
was not yet sealed off,
it housed many sages.
The great Confucius scholar Xu Qingyun
laid our country's literary foundation
with 'On the Spring and Autumn Annals.'
Li Chunxian, heir to the Mohist craft,
rebuilt Tiangong Bridge in Luodu,
benefiting all.
And Master Liu,
who created the Qingshan script,
Fuyao the Hermit,
who wrote Journey Among All Things,
Master Helai, the medical sage,
and Master Zhu, a swordsmanship master.
Lishan was a treasure of the age.
Now, only Ye Li has descended
from the mountain.
Lishan Academy was not
a private school of one family,
but the realm's cultural lifeline.
That academy existed even before
our country was founded.
The masters held fast to virtue,
chose to remain in the mountains,
and endured illness
until so many great minds were lost.
They were the root
of our cultural continuity.
This is a regret for the realm
and a fault of the court.
Everything granted today
is not my personal favor
but the court's belated respect.
It's also the realm's
long-delayed justice.
It's to honor the faithful,
inspire posterity,
and show divine justice.
- Your Majesty is wise.
Liu Wenji, a famous guqin master
from Qianzhong?
The late emperor even gifted him
a Jiaowei antique guqin.
He's well-versed in over 300
musical scores throughout time,
and his ability to identify
musical instruments is unparalleled.
Having such a person
as a steward at our Shende Shop
would be a living signboard.
Although his guqin skills are superb,
he has no experience in commerce.
Such a lofty person probably
cannot handle the day-to-day accounts.
What about this one, Song Qing?
He worked as a shop clerk
in Longqu for many years,
and after moving his family
to the capital,
he successively worked at Linlang Shop,
Jinyu Shop, Pomo Shop, Huamei Shop,
and so on as a steward.
He is most familiar
with the jewelry trade.
He is good. He has experience
and knows a lot.
How old is he?
He is 28 years old.
Even if we assume
he started doing business at 18,
in just ten years he has moved
between several trading firms.
His temperament is fickle.
Shende Shop cannot keep such a person.
This one. He used to be an appraiser
at Yongchang Pawnshop.
I heard he has handled
countless treasures
and has a keen eye
for quality and worth.
His eye is indeed sharp.
But I remember Yongchang Pawnshop
went bankrupt more than ten years ago.
I wonder how old this appraiser is now.
If I had known hiring
would be so difficult,
we should not have let Wei Zhuang go
in the first place.
He now holds an official position,
with a bright future ahead.
Who would give up being an official
to become a merchant?
You are still ill. Don't worry
about these things for now.
Another day, I will ask Gu Zheng
to pick some capable candidates for you.
This young master
is really good-looking.
Silly Xing.
We are choosing a steward.
What use is a good-looking face?
Let me see.
Well, this one actually
seems quite decent.
Your Highness, look.
This person is named Tang Zixiao.
He studied under Master Li Yu
of Dongshan Academy
and topped the county exams.
Later, he traveled to Jiangnan, Hexi,
and beyond to further his studies.
His father runs a business
dealing in textiles and herbs.
He's been skilled in both math
and business from a young age.
He helped run the family's
silk shop and herbal shop.
He has considerable insight into trade.
With such talent,
why didn't he pursue an official career?
It is written here.
Three years ago, he encountered bandits
looting the villagers.
While fighting with the bandits,
he lost two fingers.
Your Highness, as you know,
according to the law,
the physically disabled were barred
from the exams and official posts.
Your Highness, Master Tang
is capable, kind-hearted,
and so pitiable. Why not hire him?
Yes, Your Highness.
He looks so refined.
His features somewhat
resemble His Highness.
Really? Let me see.
Your Highnesses,
the palace sent over golden-scaled,
red-tailed Xunyang tribute fish.
Ms. Wen had them cooked
and invites you to eat.
Let's go.
Try it quickly.
His Majesty specially sent the fish.
He also had Eunuch Gao
repeatedly remind us
that this fish
was caught by him personally.
It weighs six jin and four liang.
How much?
Six jin and four liang.
Imperial pond catch, I'd say.
Most likely.
It was probably raised
by those young eunuchs,
swimming into nets
and biting bait on sight.
If he fished beyond the palace walls,
he would probably sit all day
without even a scale on his hook.
Mom, can I eat now?
Go ahead.
Li, has your senior Wei Zhuang
taken up his post?
He used to teach Wuyou mathematics.
Now that he has been promoted,
we should send some gifts.
It should be within these few days.
When will you go to the Wei residence?
I will go with you.
Alright.
I'll tell you once the gifts are ready.
By the way,
how did your recruitment go today?
Found anyone good?
I checked a few name cards,
and some were not bad.
I haven't decided yet.
The Tang guy won't do.
You mean Tang Zixiao? Why?
He is from Qianchuan,
with substantial family assets.
With so many shops
waiting for him to manage,
he insists on seeking a job
far away from home in the capital.
I fear he harbors mischief
and means ill.
That's true.
Anyway, he'll come to the shop
to pay his respects in a few days.
We can ask him clearly then.
Li, how does that Master Tang look?
From the portrait,
he looks handsome and not very old.
What a strong whiff of jealousy!
Have some sweet and sour fish.
Sweet and sour fish.
Jin really accepts name cards
from just anyone.
This one is 76 years old
and probably can't even work an abacus.
This one has a stutter
and can't speak smoothly
and still wants to be a steward.
This one is even more impressive,
with a theft record.
He was released from Jingzhao prison
last twelfth month.
I can't believe Jin.
You seem very idle lately.
Do I?
You never used to care
about Shende Shop.
Now you are so idle that you've started
helping with the recruitment.
If you're really bored at home,
why not go back to Jingzhao Prefecture?
I have submitted my resignation.
Why would I go back?
His Majesty has not approved it.
Now, Gu Zheng is still temporarily
acting in your position.
I think you should find something to do.
Being idle all the time
is not a long-term solution.
Am I idle? I am very busy.
For example?
I read books and teach Wuyou.
I help Ms. Wen manage the household.
I also just ordered
a fine purple bamboo stream fishing rod
and told Jin to buy me
some green earthworms as bait.
In a few days, after I
adjust the float, tie the hook,
and prepare the landing net,
I will head out to the wilds,
find a backwater bay, and cast my line.
This is a time-consuming affair.
I won't be back in under a day.
And right now, my top priority
is to make sure you go to bed on time,
take medicine on time,
and see the physician on time.
Once your illness is completely cured,
we will talk about other things.
Alright.
What now?
As you said, to sleep.
Your Highness, this bamboo stalk
is three-year-old Xiangfei bamboo.
With the goose-feather
seven-star float attached,
whenever a fish bites,
no movement will escape your eyes.
And the reel is made of fine bronze,
wrapped with nine-strand silk thread.
Coupled with the triple-barbed hook,
it's meant for deep-water big fish.
This piece is good.
It's brightly colored.
It's also light, thin, and cool to wear.
Then let's go with it.
Where is she going today?
What are you doing?
His Highness asks
where Your Highness is going today.
I am going to Longevity Shop.
Uncle Wenshen wants to see me,
saying he needs to talk.
Can't you ask him
to come to the mansion?
You're still ill, and you...
My illness is nothing serious.
Alright.
I will take a carriage once I go out,
and the windows have curtains.
Neither wind nor sun will touch me.
I'll also take my medicine on time
and come back soon.
Then let Qingyu take the medicine
and brew it at Longevity Shop for you.
Alright.
When will you be back?
After leaving Longevity Shop,
I'll stop by Shende Shop on the way.
I'll definitely be back
before the hour of You.
Then I will have the imperial physician
come at the You hour to check your pulse.
Got it.
(Longevity Shop)
What's going on here?
Ask her, our little princess here.
Why are you glaring at me?
Did I say something wrong?
You come to my place every day,
and I welcome you.
But you can't just hang around
with all sorts of shady characters here.
First you talk about loan sharking,
then about mining.
Now, to top it off, you almost tried
to traffic government contraband.
Why are you yelling at me?
Whose fault is it that your shop
is full of such people?
You... Well...
There are all kinds
of people everywhere.
You have such big eyes.
Can't you judge people?
Uncle, although Ying
is young and inexperienced,
her desire to do something is good.
Every day when I stay in the mansion,
I think of His Highness.
But how was I to know I was so stupid,
getting cheated in loan sharking?
How was I to know that copper mines
cannot be mined casually?
I also didn't know what was contraband.
I've been using those spices all along.
Forget it.
I will help you get back the loan later.
If you feel bored,
come to me,
and I'll find something for you to do.
Or do you want to be the shop master?
Really?
Yes, my little princess.
Prince Li's household should still
have quite a few fields and shops.
Managing those properties well
is already not easy.
What's so hard about managing those?
It's just collecting rent.
How are the harvests?
Is the rent reasonable?
Can the tenants make ends meet?
Is the year good or bad?
And whether the rent
needs to be adjusted accordingly?
Don't all these require thought?
I never thought about all that.
If you really want
to run things yourself,
find a suitable shop space
and open a shop you like.
After I go back,
I will carefully go through
those fields and shops.
Have some tea.
If our family had been like this sooner,
how good that would've been.
This is for you.
The newest jewelry set
from the East Market.
I pulled some strings
and waited for many days to buy it.
I heard you spent those years alone
on Lishan Mountain.
Now that you've left there,
don't go back anymore.
If you quarrel with Prince Ding
and have nowhere to go, just come to me.
Thank you.
You two sisters should have been
this close long ago.
It's so good now.
From now on, you'll have each other.
We also have you.
Yes, you have me. I will always be here.
Even if the sky falls,
I will hold it up for you.
Send the biggest fish to the palace.
Remember to tell Eunuch Gao
to make sure His Majesty knows
that this fish weighs
a full six jin and six liang.
Understood. What about the rest?
Send them to the kitchen
to make fish soup for Li tonight.
Your Highness.
What are you doing?
It's almost the You hour.
The physician is coming.
Hasn't my wife returned?
Her Highness isn't coming back.
Where did she go?
She went together
with Shende Shop's new steward
to collect fresh porcelain vases
from Huoning Kiln.
And Qingyu sent word back
that Her Highness took her medicine.
Steward Tang was thoughtful.
He brewed Her Highness's medicine
and made several
delicious side dishes for her.
Steward Tang? Tang Zixiao?
Yes.
Li really hired him?
Yes, he has been working
for several days already.
His salary and benefits
are the same as Steward Wei's.
Her Highness said he is good-looking,
eloquent, and sociable
and is the best candidate.
Have you met him?
Does he really look like his portrait?
He is much more handsome than that.
Her Highness praised his looks...
Alright. Go on with your work.
Yes.
(Prince Ding's Mansion)
Xing.
Your Highness, you're back.
His Highness is waiting for you.
Why is he waiting for me?
I don't know. Maybe he missed you.
Where is His Highness?
He is bathing in the hot spring.
(Wen Quan)
Yao, are you in there?
I'm coming in.
Has he already left?
So Your Highness is still here.
I thought you had left.
How was your day today?
Did your new fishing rod
display its might on the 'battlefield'?
How many fish did you catch?
Today, I first went to Longevity Shop
and met with Ye Ying and Uncle Wenshen.
Then I heard that the kiln
had produced some rare pink porcelain,
so I went to take a look.
There were a total of fourteen vases.
The palace took six of them
with a wave of a hand.
The remaining ones were instantly
snatched up by several madams.
The scene was like a battlefield.
Fortunately, Steward Tang
was quick-witted and swift
and managed to grab two for me.
You seem to like him quite a bit.
Who doesn't like smart people?
I placed a vase on your desk.
Take a look later
and see where it fits best.
For me?
Yes.
I thought your study was missing
an elegant piece like that.
You remembered my study's decoration?
Then do you remember that a physician
was coming to check your pulse?
I forgot.
I feel my health is quite good now.
I don't need a daily pulse check.
That is not for you to decide.
You must see the imperial physician
every day for now
and take your medicine
three times a day without fail.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Lord Li.
It's so serious.
Who would be suitable?
Indeed.
Lord Zhao is suitable.
Yes, that's right.
Enough!
After discussing for so long,
have you come up with a good plan?
Your Majesty,
Suixue Pass is the northern gateway
of our country.
General Xiong defended it
for years and was highly skilled.
How could a stable hand kill him?
It's far too suspicious.
I suspect foul play.
Please have an inspector investigate
to calm the people's hearts.
Your Majesty, it has been over ten days
since General Xiong's sudden death.
Without a commander, the border garrison
will be in constant alarm.
I believe we should quickly appoint
someone well-versed in warfare
to take the tally
and assume the post at once
to take command of Suixue Pass.
This is the most urgent matter.
Your Majesty, Lord Li is right.
The Suixue Pass commander's murder
is no trivial matter.
If we merely issue an ordinary edict
ordering the deputy to take over,
it may be hard to deter the borderlands.
Sending a general from the capital
is indeed the best choice.
Does any of you wish to volunteer?
I make bold to recommend
one person for Your Majesty.
Speak up.
I recommend the Jingzhao Prefect,
Prince Ding Mo Xiuyao.
How... how could you cheat?
How did I cheat?
You stepped on the line.
You stepped here. The line is here.
- No.
- One more time.
- Alright.
- Hurry up.
Three, two, one, jump.
That's more like it.
What's wrong, Your Highness?
Did you have a bad dream?
No.
Is Your Highness bored?
Shall I call Xing
so we can play cards together?
No, let's not.
Then I'll take you out.
Jinpu Society has a Chiyou show today.
Do you want to go?
I...
Your Highness.
Your Highnesses.
News came at dawn. Suixue Pass commander
Xiong Yisong has been murdered.
The military dispatch says
he was stabbed in the chest
and then strangled with a rope
and suffocated.
Has the murderer been found?
A stable hand in his mansion
has confessed to the crime,
saying Xiong Yisong was harsh
and treated his servants cruelly.
The stable hand held a grudge
and killed him.
Xiong Yisong passed the military exams.
He once served
under my brother's command.
He was highly skilled.
How could a stable hand kill him?
Xiong Yisong had been drinking that day.
This matter is indeed suspicious.
But for now, the truth
is not the most urgent matter.
Suixue Pass is the vital gateway
to the north of our country,
and it borders Cangbei.
If anything goes wrong...
Your Highness, Suixue Pass
needs a capable general to hold it.
And that person is none other than you.
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
What's the matter? You're so flustered.
It's bad. Uncle Xiuyao is going to war.
Tell me what happened quickly.
Today, someone came to see Uncle Xiuyao.
I overheard that the commander
of Suixue Pass was killed,
and Uncle Xiuyao is going.
What's wrong? Is it court business?
Have you been taking
Imperial Hospital's medicine on time?
Why are you asking again?
You watch me all day.
How could I have a chance to skip it?
I can't always keep an eye on you.
Don't worry. I've been taking
my medicine properly.
Has your condition improved?
Do you still see Qingshuang
and Master Zhu?
Not anymore.
That's good.
What are you doing?
Reading your palm.
You know so much.
We from Lishan Academy
know a little about everything.
So what do you see?
Your earth line is very long.
Let's see. You will live to ninety.
That long?
What about you?
I was born under a lucky star,
so my life is very long.
Congratulations to you.
You can grow old with me.
What else do you see?
You are a very diligent person.
You can see that too?
Look, you haven't practiced martial arts
for so many years.
Your calluses are no longer obvious.
But if I feel carefully,
I can still feel some.
It shows you were very diligent
in training since childhood.
Your finger bones
are also slightly bent.
Army weapons are heavy.
You hadn't fully grown yet
and trained too early,
bending your finger bones.
That actually makes some sense.
And this callus here is from writing.
With your noble status, you could've
lived a life of comfort and ease
carefreely and unrestrainedly.
Yet you studied literature and practiced
martial arts, persistently striving.
You are truly diligent and studious.
Alright, little flatterer.
You went to the Jinpu Society
this afternoon?
You kept talking endlessly,
so I took Qingyu and Xing and went.
Was it fun?
Good thing you didn't go.
It was very boring.
I wasn't free during the day.
Let's take a walk tonight.
Follow me.
(Qingfeng Mingyue Tower)
It's so late, my lady.
- Let's go back.
- Okay.
Meet me at the usual spot.
Why are we hiding here?
A shop clerk told me
that Steward Tang is a bit suspicious,
sneaking out every night
and not returning until midnight.
You had someone watch him?
I thought you admired him.
One must always be wary of others.
Besides, I didn't have anyone watch him.
It was the shop clerk
who noticed and told me.
Here he comes.
Let's go.
This way.
That's Tang Zixiao?
Let's just go back.
If you don't trust him,
just dismiss him.
I can't do that.
I can't just dismiss him
without knowing the facts.
Yet you are following him
I'm afraid he might be deceived
by a rival of Shende Shop.
Shende Shop has rivals?
Our business is doing very well now.
Even Zhenbao Shop can't compare.
Now in the capital, anyone
in the antique and calligraphy business
sees us as a thorn in their side.
Indeed, competitors are rivals.
Someone's coming.
Stop looking.
- Let me take a look.
- Li.
- One more look.
- Let's go home.
- Keep your voice down.
- Be good.
- Just...
- Let's go.
One more look.
What's there to look at?
Who's there?
Head down.
My lady, there are people over there.
There are people there.
Perhaps they're just passersby.
Why don't we go somewhere else?
They're gone.
I was so scared.
So scared?
It'd be bad if he caught me
following him.
But you are following him.
Yes.
Yao,
are you feeling a bit happier now?
That's good.
Was it just to make me a bit happier?
I also wanted to tell you
that no matter what decision you make,
I will support you.
(It's bad. Uncle Xiuyao
is going to war.)
(Commander of Suixue Pass was killed,
and Uncle Xiuyao is going.)
Xi! Xi!
Madam?
Quickly, go fetch Nanny Xu.
Yes.
Li, come on and sit.
This is Nanny Xu. You've met her before.
She is an old servant of this household.
I see that you have too few servants
in your courtyard,
and Qingyu and Xing are young.
From now on, let her take care
of your and Yao's daily needs, alright?
Isn't Nanny Xu your personal nanny?
If she comes to serve me,
what about you?
I don't lack people to take care of me.
But you...
You've been married
for almost a year now.
You and Yao are in your prime.
Aren't you anxious?
Don't worry.
Nanny Xu knows the ways of it.
She will stay by your side and help you.
Where did Her Highness
buy these boxes of rouge?
I don't remember.
Were they from Qiuyan Hall?
Probably.
When Qiuyan Hall makes rouge,
they add trifoliate orange shells
to make it last longer.
Long-term use is bad for the body.
Especially for Her Highness now,
it is even more unsuitable.
I'll discard these few boxes
on the table.
Remember, don't take Her Highness
to buy things from them again.
This spice can't be used either.
Also, the plants in the courtyard
must be sorted through too.
Do all those need to be thrown away?
Yes, Your Highness.
Then what will I use?
Your Highness,
I also know a little
about blending rouge and spices.
I will prepare some gentle ones
and bring them to you later.
Moreover, you're naturally beautiful.
Even without makeup, you are beautiful.
You should not eat
too many of these plums either.
I will bring you something else.
I take my leave.
All of you, come here.
Plums are cold in nature.
No more than three can be eaten daily,
or they'll upset the stomach
and harm digestion.
Have you not learned these principles,
or have you learned them but forgotten?
Be careful and remember them
from now on.
Do you hear clearly?
- Yes.
Although Her Highness is young,
she still needs careful nursing.
Her foundation mustn't be harmed
due to cravings for food.
I have prepared
a few nourishing recipes here.
From now on, all meals
must strictly follow the rules.
There must be no negligence whatsoever.
Yes.
Come over and study these.
- Your Highness.
Quickly, you few,
move these pots of flowers away.
Hurry up.
Your Highness, allow us to do this.
Please use a warmer to warm your hands.
How can you do this?
My flowers...
Ms. Wen.
Yao, why did you come back so late?
What is it, Ms. Wen?
You've been too tired lately.
I made you a bowl of calming soup.
Thank you, Ms. Wen.
Don't forget to eat it.
I simmered it for many hours.
Alright.
Your Highness, your bed is made.
It's fine to throw away those rouges,
but the bedding was perfectly good.
What exactly is Nanny Xu trying to do?
Has His Highness returned?
Yes.
Yao, are you in there?
I'm here.
Why is the door locked?
(Preview)
After Feng Zhiyao left the capital,
there's been no word from him.
I'm a bit worried.
I'll kill you!
This is for Lingyun.
Mingyue!
Mo Xiuwen was framed by Marquis Muyang.
But who is behind Marquis Muyang?
The time has come.
It's time to risk everything.
♪Memories hold you back
from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward
can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains,
chase the stars bright♪
♪Both joy and grief
make the trip worthwhile♪
♪Trying to catch up
to your own lost shadow♪
♪Within the wilds, echoes thrive♪
♪Clear mind leads to a clear path♪
♪Be grateful to your losses♪
♪Make your steps weightless♪
♪Towards mountains,
chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you
and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you,
drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind,
let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
♪Unbound by form♪